Add Formatting Full Messages with I18n section in ActiveRecordValidations guides [ci-skip] (#45470)
rails/rails: guides/source/configuring.md

> Is a boolean value which controls whether the `full_message` error format can be overridden at the attribute or model level in the locale files. This is `false` by default.
> 
> ActiveRecord and ActiveModel can both use i18n to format their full messages. By default, full message is formatted as `"%{attribute} %{message}"` where
> 
> * `%{attribute}` is the name of the attribute being validated.
> * `%{message}` the message defined for the validation rule. It can be defined in the class or in i18n locales.
> 
> This example overrides the format of full messages of every attribute on an Active Model and defines a specific full message format for the `:age` attribute. Same rules apply for Active Records.

Reviewer: I think we should integrate these paragraphs.  What do you think of the following?

```suggestion
Controls whether the [`Error#full_message`][ActiveModel::Error#full_message] format can be overridden in an i18n locale file. Defaults to `false`.

When set to `true`, `full_message` will look for a format at the attribute and model level of the locale files. The default format is `"%{attribute} %{message}"`, where `attribute` is the name of the attribute, and `message` is the validation-specific message. The following example overrides the format for all `Person` attributes, as well as the format for a specific `Person` attribute (`age`).
```

We would also need to add a URL reference right below the example:

```
[ActiveModel::Error#full_message]: https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveModel/Error.html#method-i-full_message
```

```ruby
class Person
  include ActiveModel::Model

  attr_accessor :name, :age

  validates :name, presence: true
  validates :age, numericality: true
end
```

```yml
en:
  activemodel: # or activerecord:
    errors:
      models:
        person:

>           format: "%{attribute} --- %{message}"
>           attributes:
>             age:
>               format: "%{message}"

Reviewer: Would it be helpful to call attention to the `format:` lines?

```suggestion
          # Override the format for all Person attributes:
          format: "%{attribute} --- %{message}"
          attributes:
            age:
              # Override the format for the age attribute:
              format: "%{message}"
```
